Improve dev packages (#834)
eclipse-glsp/glsp: dev-packages/cli/README.md

yarn add @eclipse-glsp/cli --dev
```

## checkHeaders

The `checkHeaders` command can be used to validate the copyright year (range) of license headers.

> It checks for each file (matching the include pattern) whether the defined copyright range is inline with the first and last modification state in the git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It checks for each file (matching the include pattern) whether the defined copyright range is in line with the first and last modification date in the git repository.
```
